# XML-DS-Project
## Background
An Extensible Markup Language (XML) file is a file used to store data in the form of hierarchical elements. Data stored in XML files can be read by computer programs with the help of custom tags, which indicate the type of element. It is one of the most famous formats for storing and sharing information among different devices. The thing that differentiates XML, though, is that it’s extensible. XML doesn’t have a predefined markup language, like HTML does. Instead, XML allows users to create their own markup symbols to describe content, making an unlimited and self-defining symbol set.
In this project we will deal with these xml files and do a variety of operation on them like detecting and correcting the errors if exists, minify compress and decompress the file, formatting the none formatting one to be like the standard xml files. 
JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) is a standard text-based format for representing structured data based on JavaScript object syntax. It is commonly used for transmitting data in web applications (e.g., sending some data from the server to the client, so it can be displayed on a web page, or vice versa), data in a machine-readable way. JSON has been gaining popularity as a storage medium for web applications because of its simplicity. In contrast, XML is still the go-to choice for transmitting structured data over the web, so we will convert xml files into json files in our project.
As Networks are around us we will use the xml to represent the social network using graph data structure as it will be helpful to extract some useful information like who is most influencer?, who is most active user?, also know mutual followers between users and suggest users to other ones and finally search for a word or a topic in the posts and know the publisher.

